Add Renode configuration for nRF52840 (#181)
iml130/iree-bare-metal-arm: third_party/renode/README.md

> This folder contains a subset of files imported from [renode/renode](https://github.com/renode/renode/), adjusted to our needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains a subset of files imported from [renode/renode](https://github.com/renode/renode/), adjusted to the needs of iree-bare-metal-arm, as well as files originally created in the context of the iree-bare-metal-arm project.
```

> - The file `nrf52840.repl` imports [nrf52840.repl](https://github.com/renode/renode/blob/master/platforms/cpus/nrf52840.repl) from [renode/renode](https://github.com/renode/renode/) and modifies it to our needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The file [`nrf52840.repl`](https://github.com/renode/renode/blob/748647ddc8c830d6736b9fb1378ee73b0f30344e/platforms/cpus/nrf52840.repl) was imported at state renode/renode@748647d and modified to the needs of iree-bare-metal-arm.
```

```
